That's what makes me mad with you.
You're a coward.
I mean it.
You let life defeat you
You don't fight back.
(What chance has a woman got?)
More chance than men.
A woman young, beautiful like you are can get anything she wants in the world.
But there is a right and a wrong way.
Remember the price of the wrong way is too great.
Go to some big city where you will find opportunities!
Don't let people mislead you.
You must be a master, not a slave.
Be clean!
Be strong!
Defiant!
And you will be a success.
(Stanley's Christian Institutions)
Dear Lilly,
From your letters, I can tell that my advice to you was for nothing.
You have chosen the wrong way.
You are still a coward.
Life will defeat you unless you fight back and regain your self respect.
I send you this book, hoping that you will allow it to guide you right.
Merry Christmas.
Adolf Cragg